Advanced setup (#66)
lewagon/data-setup: LINUX.md

```bash
cd ~/code/<YOUR_GITHUB_NICKNAME>/dotfiles

> vsc # Open it in VScode

Reviewer: I think that in the data program on kitt, the text editor command is still `code .`. Introducing an alias would require to update the program and check in the content there is no more `code .`. IMHO, it doesn't worth it for students. Teachers can do as they please of course.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
code . # Open it in VS Code
```

```

> In VScode, open the `zshrc` file. Replace its content with the [newest version](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lewagon/dotfiles/master/zshrc) of that file that we provide. Save to disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In VS Code, open the `zshrc` file. Replace its content with the [newest version](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lewagon/dotfiles/master/zshrc) of that file that we provide. Save to disk.
```

&nbsp;

> Let us open the `~/.zshrc` profile file in Visual Studio Code and change slightly its content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let us open the `~/.zshrc` profile file in VS Code and change slightly its content:
```

&nbsp;

> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; :white_check_mark: Save the `.zshrc` file with `Ctrl` + `S` and close Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; :white_check_mark: Save the `.zshrc` file with `Ctrl` + `S` and close VS Code.
```

Finally, more Data Science packages:

```bash

> pip install jupyterlab pandas matplotlib seaborn plotly scikit-learn tensorflow

Reviewer 2: I recommand installing more of them so as to detect potential zlma errors & co
```bash
autopep8 yapf dtale nbconvert
requests
statsmodels xgboost pandas-profiling
```

```bash
curl https://gist.githubusercontent.com/krokrob/90e35dee7ed2b20852b099331510b369/raw/09178c49db6e7537eed68335a25fbb00c7ca1fd4/pip_check.py > pip_check.py && python pip_check.py && rm pip_check.py
```

That's it for today. During the bootcamp, we'll install more packages but we'll talk about that later.

## `jupyter` notebook extensions

Pimp your `jupyter` notebooks with awesome extensions:

```bash
# install nbextensions
pip install jupyter_contrib_nbextensions
pip install jupyter_nbextensions_configurator
jupyter contrib nbextension install --user
jupyter nbextension enable toc2/main
jupyter nbextension enable collapsible_headings/main
jupyter nbextension enable spellchecker/main
jupyter nbextension enable code_prettify/
jupyter nbextension enable autopep8
jupyter nbextension enable varInspector/main
```

### Sublime Text shortcuts

[Add sublime text shortcuts to jupyter notebook](http://blog.rtwilson.com/how-to-get-sublime-text-style-editing-in-the-ipythonjupyter-notebook/)

Find the `jupyter` config directory:
``` bash
JUPYTER_CONFIG_DIR=$(jupyter --config-dir)
```

Open `custom/custom.js` in the config directory:
```bash
cd $JUPYTER_CONFIG_DIR

> vsc custom/custom.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
code custom/custom.js
```

```
Edit `custom.js` with:
``` js
require(["codemirror/keymap/sublime", "notebook/js/cell", "base/js/namespace"],
    function(sublime_keymap, cell, IPython) {
        // setTimeout(function(){ // uncomment line to fake race-condition
        cell.Cell.options_default.cm_config.keyMap = 'sublime';
        var cells = IPython.notebook.get_cells();
        for(var cl=0; cl< cells.length ; cl++){
            cells[cl].code_mirror.setOption('keyMap', 'sublime');
        }
        // }, 1000)// uncomment  line to fake race condition
    }
);
```

> You can close VScode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can close VS Code.
```
